review first - wave directions (#2)
AdaGold/task-list-front-end: project-docs/wave-01.md

1. Run `yarn start` to run the local development server.

## Baseline

In Wave 01, we will explore the starter code for Task List Front End.

Read through the code in `App.js`, `TaskList.js` and `Task.js` and their style sheets to understand how data and events are being handled. You may use the following questions and suggestions to guide your exploration:

1. What `props` does `Task` have? Where do they come from?
1. The `Task` component uses destructuring to read in the props `const Task = ({ id, title, isComplete }) => {...`
    - How would the code change if `{id, title, isComplete}` were replaced with `props`?
    - Consider making this change and the subsequent necessary changes through the rest of the component to deepen your understanding of the code.
1. How is the ~~strikethrough~~ style applied when the task title is clicked?
    - Consider updating the appropriate rule sets to change the text or background color when a task is marked complete.
1. 
1. What `props` does `TaskList` have? Where do they come from?
1. Where is the function `getTaskListJSX` called in `TaskList`?
    - How would the code change without this helper function?

> 1. Where are the `TASKS` passed through `TaskList`'s `tasks` prop defined in `App`.

Reviewer: My wording may need to be reworked, but I think it would be good to have students be the ones to identify `Tasklist` and the `tasks` prop. 
```suggestion
1. What component is `TASKS` passed to in `App`?
    - How does the component pass `TASKS`?
    - What element is the component wrapped in?
```
